Steps To Filter Rejection Reasons in Fulfillment App (#1069)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/store-operations/fulfillment/rejection.md

- **Customer Service Representatives (CSRs):** In the Order Management System, CSRs view broader rejection reasons suited for customer interactions, such as manual reallocation.  
- **Admin Users:** Admin or operations managers can view all rejection reasons across roles for complete oversight.  

### Toggle for Showing Rejection Reasons:

> Store managers can decide if the app shows rejection reasons by using a toggle in the Rejection Reasons page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rejection reasons can be shown or hidden from store associates using the fulfillment app by using the toggle on the settings page.
```
